hey guys Sylvia Perez here and welcome
to today's video in this video we're
gonna be talking about audience
exclusions what it is and how you can go
and do it so to get started audience
exclusions this is the exact opposite of
targeting so the same way you can target
a specific group of people based on
their interest and the graphics behavior
you can exclude them as well because
just like you want to target a certain
group of people you don't want to target
another group of people and you want to
exclude them because they're not
qualified they're not an ideal prospect
they just they're not your ideal
customer so you want to make sure that
your ads are getting seen by the people
who can not only you know fulfill on the
requirement that you have but also that
they are the right fit for your business
and for themselves so they get the most
value from your product or service so to
get started just go ahead and hop into
your Google Ads campaign tab click on
the campaign that you want to set the
exclusion for click on audiences and
they're gonna go to exclusions now by
the way before we get to that step you
see here in audiences you can set the
audience targeting that you want well
the same way like I said you can target
audiences you can exclude them and it's
gonna be the exact same process so we're
just gonna click on exclusions and then
you're gonna click audience exclusions
again and then click browse and then
here's all the different criteria we
have available to us for targeting it's
the same thing for excluding so at this
point you can just go ahead and browse
through here and see which different
audiences don't fit your criteria and
you want to go ahead and exclude them so
for example maybe you have a remarketing
list set up on your website of all
converters well that would be a perfect
example of an exclusion that you'd want
to exclude from your campaigns you would
just click on remarketing and then your
your different audience list would show
up here
another one could be you know maybe I
don't know maybe like autos & vehicles
is terrible for you and you just do not
want to show up on that or perhaps that
after running your campaigns for a while
you've noticed due to your audience
performance data that autos & vehicles
is just really bad for you that those
people just don't convert as often or
they convert it on much higher cost per
lead or whatever the case might be but
they're just not the right fit for you
well then all you're gonna do is you're
gonna click on that category your new
click
save and then guess what now your
campaign is now excluding that audience
and that that audience type but for
example let's say you put together three
offers three different campaigns
reaching people at the different steps
in the funnel so your first campaign is
more awareness oriented maybe it's
getting someone to watch a video for
example across YouTube and then your
second campaign is more information
oriented maybe it's pushing a I don't
know pushing an e-book across display
for example and then your last campaign
is a search campaign for example and
it's more conversion oriented and it's
getting people to sign up for a free
consultation so that's your funnel right
there those are the three offers those
are three campaigns and that's how the
setup is now with audience exclusions is
you're gonna want to make sure that once
someone completes that first action
they're no longer part of your first
campaign so for example you want to make
sure once someone for example once
somebody has consumed that piece of
content on the top of the funnel the
video cuttle or the video campaign I
should say that first step once they've
completed that step you want to make
sure you exclude them from that step so
that they're no longer gonna see that ad
anymore and then they can see the next
one and then the same thing once they've
completed that you want to exclude them
and then and so on and so forth so that
way you are tailoring that experience
and you're moving people according to
you know how they've interacted with you
and where they're at in that buying
process I hope that makes sense but
that's kind of a more advanced look at
audience exclusions to give you kind of
get your get your ideas flow and your
juices flowing and all that good stuff
so audience exclusions become a lot more
important as you start to implement that
multi-step marketing and then another
thing as well is audience exclusions is
a great way to again refine your
targeting so if you have analytics
connected to your Google Ads will go
into your Google Analytics information
and your data I mean you can also do it
here in Google Ads as well just go into
like demographics and audiences and
things like that but analytics gives you
a lot more information and go into there
and look at how people are performing
based on you know by
my graphics or behavior or audience
types and see if our certain audiences
are not performing well and perhaps you
should consider excluding them in that
way you can better refine your targeting
and better place money where it needs to
be spent so you can reduce the amount of
wasted spent and increase the amount of
efficiencies within your campaign so
that is it for this video I just wanted
to keep it short and sweet so audience
exclusions to sum up it's the exact
opposite of targeting so audience
excluding exclusions is not showing ads
to a specific group of people versus
audience targeting is showing ads to a
group of people so exclusions use them
to refine your targeting to get your ads
in front of the right people and to make
more advanced strategies and and funnels
and all that great stuff within your
campaigns and your targeting so if you
have any questions please do go ahead to
make sure and to let me know I'll give
you more context on any questions you
have and how you can apply this to your
situation as well as if you'd like these
videos and you're interested in Google
ads content and all PPC content I upload
content every week so go ahead and make
sure to subscribe to the channel if you
got some value from this and until next
time take care
[Music]